What if I told you there is an AI system that can launch complete brand with all media assets in 30 minutes with true banana a virtual brand I just created from scratch in 30 minutes here's what is going on this is our N system here first you generate one image of your brand or product here I created this one and you fill out the information about the product product description here if you can see here product information, basic style, lighting, palette, and audience. All of your brand information, essence, promise, tone of voice, positioning. Once you're ready, you can generate avatars and then our AI system will vive it and generate three different avatars based on your brand TNA. Let me show you this one. And in avatar, the system created four different actors, including this Bigfoot style mask code. And if you look at here, we have very detailed description so that you can always change it and regenerate until you like these avatars, ethnicity, age, even age, range, gender, everything phys. So next step is to create assets. So again our AI system can generate multiple assets with one click. You go to product you can generate here generate asset ideas AI will generate multiple ideas. It create a five of them from there with one click again you can generate images. So even like this text overlay and here true banana I like this one and I like this one. The great part of the system is most times you are struggling with the image prompt. Our AI system will autogenerate prompt following all of your important information such as brain DNA, the style, lighting, settings, everything. And here it was autogenerated. You can even click again to generate UGC video or general product showcase video. Here, let me show you the outcome. I've tried a lot of detail, but true banana is something else. It's the real deal. I didn't even touch the video prompt which is created in one shot by our AI systems and it created this viral like video agency quite the same kind of package. They can charge a lot of money in 3 week timeline. I launched this true banana yesterday morning taking only 30 minutes. And the best part is I can create it unlimited times few clicks and I can generate unlimited variations for us and images. So, if you like to try this one, comment banana.