Did Google just ruin the best AI image generation model for e-commerce? Okay, let's try this out here. Loading Nano Banana 2. Okay, didn't get a choice. Not even that much faster so far. Okay, but we got these little three buttons here. Redo with Pro. Okay. All right. So, at least we still have the Pro option. Let's see what that does. Nani? &gt;&gt; What the That is not better. It's literally just the exact same photo that I took with some Canva things on top of it. Wow, so bad. So bad, dude. Okay, let's see what's going on here. Nano Banana 2. Is Nano Banana 2 the best AI image generator yet? What? Nano Banana 2 just changed the way I create. Insane. The new generative AI image generator is insane, insane. Google's Nano Banana 2 is crazy, crazy, crazy bad. Nano Banana 2 insane, insane. They're all saying insane, insane. I'm insane. I'm going insane because I don't either I'm smoking crack or all of these YouTubers are sponsored by Google or both because Nano Banana 2 is not better. Nano Banana 2 is worse by a large margin. It's way worse. Google Nano Banana 2 is incredible. Incredible. Incredible? Dude, who are these people? Who are these people? How is it It's incredible. It is incredible. It's incredibly bad. Dude, I don't I don't know if there's some kind of cabal, some kind of like conspiracy that I was never invited to or a secret society or if all of these people are just sponsored by Google or what it is, but I I just don't understand For some reason, I'm the only one who sees that this model is a huge downgrade from Nano Banana Pro. A huge downgrade. And not only is it a downgrade, but Google has now locked you into it. You now can't use Nano Banana Pro on your first prompt using the Gemini app. It forces you to use Nano Banana 2. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to break down for you guys actually what's going on with this AI image generation update and why you're kind of because Google just made it impossible for you to use Nano Banana Pro on the first prompt using the Gemini app. And this really was revolutionizing for brand owners and e-commerce business owners because it's the first time that we could actually generate images that are way better than professional product photography and professional design that you would normally pay hundreds or even thousands for for your Amazon listing. It was completely game-changing. Still is completely game-changing, but Gemini just downgraded the model. And now, no matter what model you use, Fast Thinking Pro, it is going to use Nano Banana 2, the inferior model. And specifically for product photos and e-commerce images, very inferior, highly inferior, and nowhere near the quality of Pro. Now, there is a way around this. I'm going to walk through it in this video, but you still can use Nano Banana Pro in chat, but you can't do it with the Gemini app anymore. I'm going to show you how to do that without any third-party apps or anything like that. I don't have any sponsors for this channel. I literally have no one telling me, and I don't know if that's what's happening with these YouTube channels and these other guys and stuff that I'm seeing. I don't I don't know if they're just not really testing it out or if they're not testing it for e-commerce or what, but I seem to be the only person actually telling the truth about this huge downgrade on this model that's far, far worse than the best model that we have, which is Nano Banana Pro, and that we just got locked out of. But there is a way around it. There is a way to still use Nano Banana Pro to come up with listing images that are professional, highly designed images just like you would pay hundreds or thousands of dollars for. I'm going to walk through the new way to do this in this video. But first, let me show you what I mean. So, check this out. I'm in the Gemini app and just so you know, I have the Ultra plan. This is the biggest possible [music] plan that you can have. So, it's like $130 a month and you get a huge amount of credits to generate images. You don't need this plan to access Nano Banana Pro, but you do need one of the paid plans. So, there's Pro and then there's Ultra. I have Ultra because I'm a super power user, but you don't need that plan. You can just take the Pro plan. So, the way it used to work is on your screen, you had fast thinking and Pro. If you hit fast, it would use the original Nano Banana model and if you hit thinking or Pro, it would use Nano Banana Pro, the advanced model that generates realistic [music] photography and perfectly designed images with text and everything ready to upload to Amazon or your e-commerce listing. Now, all three models use Nano Banana 2, which Google says is an upgrade from Nano Banana 1 and I would agree with that. It's definitely an upgrade from Nano Banana 1, but it is a huge downgrade from Nano Banana Pro and there is now no way [music] to generate a Nano Banana Pro image from the Gemini app or even from the Gemini web app. The only way to get a Pro image now is to first generate a Nano Banana 2 image and then hit the three dots on that image and click regenerate with Nano Banana Pro. Now, the problem with this is, as you can see from the example that we're walking through here, that Nano Banana 2 has inferior context recognition. So, it's going to generate an image that doesn't understand the context as well as Pro would from the get-go. So, the image is bad. Like in this case, you can see it's the wrong color. This photo clearly shows at least some color gradient, right? Now, I know the lighting's not great in this, but you can tell that there's a color gradient. The the actual product is dark blue fading to black at the top, but Nano Banana 2 did not pick up on that. I guarantee Nano Banana Pro would have. So, it made the whole thing black. And my only option is to regenerate that bad image that's already bad using Nano Banana Pro. The problem is the original image had faulty logic on it because Nano Banana 2 is not as good at picking up context clues and generating a realistic image and generating the image that you actually want. So, what this means is you if you effectively simply just can't use Nano Banana Pro anymore using the Gemini app. It is blocked from you. The only thing you can do is generate inferior images with Nano Banana 2 &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and then regenerate those bad images with Nano Banana Pro. It makes zero sense. It is so frustrating and I do not get why no one is talking about this. So, this is a problem, right? At first, you're like, "Wow, they literally just took away a superpower that I had to generate high-quality Amazon listing upload-ready images to my e-commerce listing and to my Amazon listing for all my products. But there is a workaround and you don't need any third-party tools for this. You just need to use Google's AI image generation model from a different platform called Google AI Studio. So, to do this, just go to aistudio.google.com. And here, you're going to go to playground and then what's going to happen is it's going to ask you to input an API key. Now, you do need one of the paid plans plus or pro or ultra in order to do it this way and there's a couple more steps at first but once you get it set up you can actually use it the same way that you're used to using Nana Banana Pro if you've watched any of my other videos. So, what you have to do to set this up is you have to go to get API key down here then you just click create API key. You'll see this API key here. Then once you go back to the playground it's going to ask you to select which API key you want to use. You select the one you just created and then you can start using Nana Banana Pro. Now, what you'll see is that it's default still to Nana Banana 2 but over here on the right you can click that switch down to Nana Banana Pro and now you can start using Nana Banana Pro the way you normally would. The only thing that's kind of annoying about this is that you can't just take pictures with your phone and quickly chat back and forth and then take another picture if that reference image wasn't good. You have to take the pictures with your phone or your camera then upload them to your laptop through Google Drive or whatever, send them to yourself, then you can upload them here using this little plus. And this way you can continue making high quality professional grade Amazon listing images for your e-commerce and your Amazon listing using Nana Banana Pro which is what I would recommend you do. Nana Banana 2 is really not that bad. I know I'm on it a lot in this video but it's really not terrible. You can get some pretty good images out of it if you don't make it do anything crazy like a lot like it's not as good at graphics for sure. The primary image sometimes it gets right. The thing is I don't I don't I really don't understand why everyone's freaking out. It is faster slightly not even by much. It's like a couple seconds faster, but it's so significantly worse. It's just The logic is just I just don't get it. Like I &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; When I was watching videos on this, I was like, "Am I cra- Am I crazy? Am I the crazy one here?" I really And I still don't know because I don't I just don't get it. I don't know. Maybe I just Hey, Google, if you're giving all these people sponsorships, don't leave your boy out, right? At least I mean, I won't take it because I don't take any sponsorships. This channel is not sponsored. It's only sponsored by me. But I still want the offer, bro. I don't want to be left out. If everyone on YouTube's getting sponsored, hey, your boy's feeling a little left out here. Now, for a step-by-step on how to use Nano Banana Pro to actually generate, including what prompts to use, how to converse back and forth with it, click the link in the description of this video, and I would click it now because the video keeps playing while you download it. It's not going to interrupt your video at all. Just click it now. You can download it while you're still listening to me talking, and it'll come back to the video without interruption. So, click that, and you'll download a full guide of how to use Nano Banana Pro to generate Amazon listing images. And I'm updating the guide with these new updates for how to do it now after this Gemini update and after this image generation update because I still recommend not to use Nano Banana 2. Use Nano Banana Pro. There's really no good reason to use Nano Banana 2 if you're serious about creating really good Amazon listing images. The only The only reason I could think of is if you're like trying to quickly come up with ideas or quickly iterate cuz it Yeah, it's a couple seconds faster, not even by much. So, maybe if you're like really impatient, you have crazy ADD or ADHD. Otherwise, there's really just no reason to do this. You want to use Nano Banana Pro, and you have to do it the way that I said. There are other ways to do this, too. You can use Higgs Field or these third-party apps. I'm not sponsored by any of those guys. Everything that I'm telling you is completely based on my own experience. So, nobody is paying me, nobody is sponsoring me. This is the most direct way that I like to use it right in Google AI Studio, just using Google's own AI platform, but just not through Gemini. Because for whatever reason, they have now locked us out completely, no matter what plan you're on, from using Nano Banana Pro from the get-go. All you can do is generate Nano Banana 2 images, and then regenerate those bad images with Nano Banana Pro, which completely defeats the point in the first place. Call me crazy. I don't know. Maybe I'm having a different experience than everybody else. Fine. That's what I'm observing, and that's what we're doing internally at my company, Sophie Society. And if you sell on Amazon, and you are interested in partnering with a company who's at the leading edge of how to grow brands on Amazon profitably, reach out to me. I want to talk to you. Just click the website sophiesociety.com in the description of this video, fill out the little form to contact me, and I want to chat with you about how we can work together to accelerate the growth and profitability of your brand using all of the cutting-edge strategies, but also specifically using Amazon Ads and Amazon PPC strategies, which is what this channel is primarily about. If you want to see how to use Nano Banana Pro step-by-step in another video, you can watch this video here, where I walk step-by-step exactly what prompts I use, and exactly what conversation I use with the model, and you can apply it now. It's just the difference is, instead of in Gemini, you're going to have the conversation in Google AI Studio. But, I go through step-by-step exactly how to create a full Amazon listing image set, including main image, secondary images, lifestyle images, benefits graphic, features graphic, instructionals graphic, step-by-step, all of that. And it's all detailed in this video here. So, check that video out here now and I will see you over there.