In this video, I will show you how to turn a casual product photo like this into a professional studio shot like this or multiple variations or heck even a very cool looking 360 style video of your product. And the tool that we're using for this is called free big spaces. So this one is the absolute best AI content creation platform. And the thing here is that this tool allows you to build these continuous workflows. So you get faster results, more consistent results and everything is organized in one place. So for example, here we can see that we could use any one of these models for example to create this image. So we can do Nanabanana 2, Nanabanana, Nanabanana Pro. We have access to every AI image and video generator editor upscaler here in one place. So we don't need to juggle between multiple windows or subscriptions. And also we can say goodbye to those chatbased editors and generators where you always need to hope for consistency and hope that the conversation doesn't get lost. So this is the new way to create content. And now let's get started. Now if you're completely new to free spaces, I have actually made a separate video where I show you how everything works. But basically the idea is simple. So first and foremost you have this workflow that I have built over here. You can actually check this workflow with my link in the description and you can just clone it and start to mess around with it. You can start to generate these photos and videos right off the bat. You don't need to understand how this is built and you can move nodes around. You can change the text over here if you want to. But I recommend following along because I will explain to you what everything here does so that it's more clear for you when you start to mess around with it. Then secondly, before I show you this workflow, let me show you a very simple example. So the idea in free big spaces is that you have this kind of an infinite canvas where you can drag and drop nodes. For example, we can add a text node. We can press F to zoom in on it. And for example, we can say something like create an image of a shoe. And then instead of hitting send, we're going to connect that into an image generator node. For example, like this. And we will connect the text into the text port over here. And we can just hit generate. [music] And here is our image of a shoe. Now, something I want to bring up is that free spaces actually offers you unlimited generations with Nanobanana 2 for example. So, that is the latest state-of-the-art one of the best image generators right now. So, if you for example choose Nanobanana 2 over here and we can choose either 1K or 2K quality and you can actually see that it says run unlimited. And obviously, you need a paid monthly subscription to access this model. But when you have it, you can generate an unlimited number of images with this best models. So that is pretty incredible. So you can basically test things for free. So now here is an image we created with Nano Banana. And this cost us zero credits, which is awesome. And basically all the key nodes you will ever need is this text node. As you can see here, we can give text inputs. Then you have image generator nodes. And then in a very similar fashion you have video generator nodes. And then one more thing I want to mention before we start to go through the product photo workflow is this assistant node. So this is essentially like chachi BT. So for example, let's type in something like create a poem of a cat. And now we can choose the model. For example, we can use the cha GBT1 mini model. And if I hit send, it will generate a poem of a cat. Very similar to how you would use Chachi PT. And there we go. Here is a unique little poem of a cat. And with this, you actually understand the basics of the platform. So now we can actually move on to this product photo workflow. And remember, you can access this with my link in the description. So you don't need to follow along if you don't want to. And now as the first step, what I have done here is that I have just dragged and dropped an image of my shoe into this view. So this is actually something I took from this office space the other day. This is a worn shoe, so you can see a bit dirt in it even. But that's not the point. The point here is just how good the AI can do of a job with a with a product filter like this. So now the next step what I have done here is that I have given it some instructions. So, I have connected this product image into an assistant node. So, I'm using the GPT1 or the GPT5 model to turn these instructions into a prompt because I'm not that good at writing those product advertisement prompts. So, I'm just basically telling the AI to detail a close-up three quarter view product style photo of the main product set against dark fashion studio background and yada yada yada. And as you can see as the result we get this kind of a professional prompt and it's using language and it's using a structure that I could not produce myself. So that is very helpful. And now we can connect that assistant node result we get into another image generator. So as you can see we have connected the text over here and then we have also added this image of my shoe and we have connected that with the image part here in this image generator node. So we are using Nanabanana 2 over here and I have created a couple of 2K resolution pictures. So it's not even spending my credits. And then once you're satisfied with it, once you get good results with the unlimited generations, then you can switch this into 4K and hit run a couple of times to get the maximum quality. But that's just to demonstrate what is possible right now. So I think that this image is pretty freaking amazing. And if we check on it, it does not look blurry or low resolution at all. So then as the next step based on this photo, I have created a couple of variations. So I have actually grouped these three image generator nodes and called it the variations group. But basically I have done the exact same thing as I have done here. So I have just added an image generator node over here and we're once again using Google Nana Banana 2. So here I have told top-down view the same scene and I have tagged main photo here and that is actually a very cool and easy way for you to reference to photos from the past. So as you can see this one is called main photo. So now if I reference to this photo that is if I want to use this photo in another photo in the future here in the workflow all I need to do is just add this add symbol and then tag it into the conversation or into the workflow which is absolutely fantastic. So it makes it so easy to follow and also the AI knows exactly what you're talking about. But nonetheless, top down view, same scene. And I have created a couple of pictures. And as you can see, a couple of these kind of failed. I don't think that this looks natural because the shoe is standing on its own. So I think it's better if it's lying on the floor like this. So this one is a perfect photo. So I had to try it three times. Yeah, it's not perfect by no means. And I also created this front view of the shoe and then a detailed closeup of the front part of the shoe. And this time I would say that I want to have a video where it starts from this scene. So we are in a close-up view of the shoe and then we basically spin around the shoe in a 360 style. So as the first step I enhanced the image quality because as I said I used the 2K resolution and also you could have just chosen the 4K resolution then you would have gotten the best resolution over here. You wouldn't even need to enhance it. But in my case, since these are test photos and I happened to like this one a lot, I actually wanted to use it right off the bat without regenerating. So I'm using an image enhancer node. So once again, it's something you can type in over here into the node selector. So the image upscaler node is something that enhances your photos. So here's the enhanced version of this product photo we just generated. And then I have done once again the assistant node number two. So, I'm telling the AI to create an accurate prompt for a product video with a 360 degree rotation of this product that I have attached over here. Keep it minimal. Don't add text or anything. Just nice looking 360 view of the product. And then what I have done there is I have gotten this result from ChachiP. And then I have connected that instruction that is this prompt that I got back into a video generator node right over here. And then I have also added this image as the starting reference frame. So as you can see it says start image. So basically it is forcing the video to start from this frame. And then basically I hit generate and off we go. So as you can see it starts from that frame and now this is a wonderful looking 360 video of my product. And as I said, you could wire this in a such a way where you get, for example, 50 of these photos or 10 of those videos if you want to. And what's really cool here is that you can just choose, for example, over here, if you hit run unlimited, you can either choose to run this node only, so it will just regenerate this photo, or you can run from here, where it would basically generate these three photos we did over here. Then it would do the enhancement and then it would do this instruction for the video again and then it would create the video. So you can run the entire workflow and you can literally generate hundreds of product photos with just a simple click of a button. And better yet if you're using the lower resolution model, you can test this without spending any credits whatsoever. So I think that is a wonderful way for you to create wonderful looking product photos and advertisements from a casual photo you can just take in your home or office or wherever you might be. But that said, make sure to check the description because I have left this workflow there so you can start to mess around with it right off the bat. Also, if you're interested in free spaces and you want to commit to a paid plan, you will actually get a 20% discount in the description as well for the premium and premium plus annual plans. I have also left a link to a video where I go through all these different node types. So, it is essentially a full course on how to use these workflow builders because these are the future of AI content creation. Now, that's it for this one. Thank you so much for watching. Leave your thoughts down below. If you want to see me do something else in free spaces, please let me know. I hope to see you in the next video.