This is an AI generated photo of me. I've never been to this gas station. I've never worn this jacket, and I've never even held this dollar bill. The AI model that made this, GPT Image 2, just dropped earlier this week and is already crushing every benchmark and is sitting on top of the LM Arena leaderboard, which is basically the most recognized AI image model ranking. But, here's the thing that nobody talks about. When it comes to AI UGC, the part that actually makes money for people with AI, does it hold up to the current leader, which is Nano Banana? So, I had to put them head-to-head on seven different tests. Now, these will be mostly focused on UGC, but the tests will translate over to other categories as well. So, even if you're not creating UGC content with AI, you can still watch this and it will be useful for you. All right, let's get into it, and I hope you enjoy. Before we start, I will say that I'll be testing GPT Image 2, Nano Banana 2, but also Nano Banana Pro, since in my experience and working with AI UGC, Nano Banana Pro has been providing the best results up until today. So, we'll see if GPT Image 2 beats it or not. Starting off with the first test, it is going to be organic phone selfies. And here as you can see, I have written out a very simple prompt describing a selfie of a girl holding a Starbucks coffee. Throughout this entire test, I'll be using the same prompt on every model so we can get very clear results on which one performs best. And these are the results that we got for this prompt. And right away, we can see the weakest model when it comes to realistic organic phone selfies is Nano Banana 2. We can rule it out completely. There's no competition. Now, with GPT Image 2 and Nano Banana Pro, these are actually pretty close results. I do notice that Nano Banana Pro ignored the selfie style and the character is using both hands to hold the object, but in terms of quality, it's actually hard to choose which one of these two is best. I do notice that the GPT 2 generation looks a bit more flat and does also looks a bit more organic, like it was taken on an actual phone. But, Nano Banana Pro doesn't look like it was taken on a professional camera either. It has that very organic phone-looking camera style. Now, before I give my ranking on which one of these two is actually better, I would like to cover it that the GPT Image 2 gives you the option to select quality settings. Starting from low to mid to high. Each of these tiers have different prices. The low starts at half a credit on Higgs Field, the mid starts at two credits, and the high quality tier starts at four credits. So, the high quality is eight times as expensive as the low one. Do you see the difference between these three? Probably not from a distance, but if we go in further and zoom in, that's where the quality really starts appearing. For example here, I zoomed in on the hair, and that's where we can start to see the details disappear. It just looks very unorganic and almost like it's warping. On the high quality, we can see that there's no artifacts of such. Even the thing at which the GPT Image 2 model is weak at, it creates like these kind of dots all over the place once there is a more complex texture, the high quality model seems to get rid of that, and that's only a problem with the low quality one. But, is it worth it to spend eight times as many credits on the same picture that you can only see the difference once you zoom in? Probably not. So, I think overall, the best option to go with is the mid quality. The price is only two credits per a single generation. The mid quality generation is probably the best in price to value. So, I would most likely go with that. Now, if we have to decide a winner between GPT Image 2 and Nano Banana Pro here, it's kind of hard to pick the winner since the quality is essentially the same. The only thing is that Nano Banana Pro is a slightly bit cheaper. So, I'll give the first round win to Nano Banana Pro. Moving on to the second test, which is character consistency. This is probably the most important aspect if you're creating AI UGC videos or AI influencers is the consistency of the characters. So, every generation must look exactly like them without any small little weird changes. Together with the character consistency, I also decided to include three other reference photos for certain objects that the character has to hold, the background, and the outfit as well. This way, I can really test out how good the models are at following orders and fulfilling every little smallest detail in the generations. Here are the results. From first glance, we can already see that GPT Image 2 performed the best with character consistency cuz that actually looks like me. The other photos kind of resemble me, but if we look at the reference photo, it looks like a completely different version of me. As an actual selfie image, the Nano Banana generations actually look decent. There's nothing that looks extremely fake and it's just a very well overall composed shot. I do notice that it has that slight warm yellow tone to it, which for some reason it cannot seem to get rid of. But, apart from the character consistency, it did everything correct. But, comparing these two to GPT Image 2, this looks way better. It did create this weird shadow on my face coming from the dollar bill, almost like someone shining a light from the side, which is not something that I asked for, and it doesn't look like regular selfie lighting. So, I had to rerun the prompt just to see it once more. And yeah, here we have the clear defined answer. GPT Image 2 is just better with character consistency. Both models seem to be very good at executing the rest of the tasks, like the background, the outfit. One little mess up here for the GPT Image 2 is this part of the jacket. So, it doesn't have the letter on that side of the zipper. So, if you're creating ads for your clothing brand, let's say, make sure to pay close attention to things of that nature. Overall, in this round, GPT Image 2 is declared winner. Now, moving on to the next test, that will be talking head UGC. This will not be a regular selfie photo of me like the previous generations. The talking head UGC generation like this will be used for something like a start frame to a video. So, it's really important to nail down the character consistency once again, but it's also very important to make it look like a screenshot of a video that someone recorded on their phone holding it right in front of them. You can pause the video if you want to read the prompt, but basically, I just added a lot of detail for how the talking head UGC generation should look. Now, let's see the results. I'm not sure if Nano Banana got nerfed for some reason while generating this, but it added this hand, which makes absolutely no sense. Also, it completely ignored the part of the prompt which said no phone in frame and still added it right here. The angle looks nothing like a real UGC video would look. I'm sure if you tweak the prompt the right way that you can actually get a good result with Nano Banana Pro as well, but yeah, I mean, GPT Image 2 just seems to read between the lines of the prompt and understand what it is that you want. It doesn't necessarily have to have perfect instructions from you to get the best results. Same thing from previous generations, the character consistency is just not it on these two generations. I also wanted to test out how it would generate a frame from a video where the person is holding the phone and walking. So, let's see the results. And once again, the character looks nothing like the reference photo. Also, Nano Banana likes to use this weird clothing that no one wears in real life. So, unless you specify what the outfit should look like, it's going to give you this weird texture shirt, which doesn't look good. Now, GPT Image 2 character is consistent once again. The generation looks low quality, like a screenshot from a video would. Also, I cannot complain about the quality of Nano Banana Pro. You can see that the background is in motion blur. Nothing looks weird. So, in that sense, these models are equal, but in talking head UGC, GPT Image 2 wins once again. Moving on to the next test, it will be a product in hand generation. I took a random skin care product from Pinterest and used that as the reference photo. And for the prompt, I just specified it to look like a real phone camera photo with the flashlight enabled. Let's see the results. From first glance, they actually all look very solid. There is nothing that any of them fall short on at first glance. All of them have different lighting, so it's hard to compare them in that regard, but visually, I like the Nano Pro generation the best with GPT Image 2 coming in second. But, the difference here is in the details. So, as you may have heard that GPT Image 2 is actually the best model when it comes to text rendering, and this is absolutely true. If we zoom in on the GPT Image 2 photo, we can see that all of the text, no matter what language, is always executed perfectly. None of the words are misspelled. The font is always consistent, and it looks exactly like the reference photo. On the surface, the Nano Banana generations also look like they executed the text perfectly, but if we zoom in on the smaller text, that's where we start to see problems. For example here, Nano Banana 2 spelled this word as "oity" instead of "oily", and you can see a couple other examples here where the Nano Banana models mess up or misspell the text compared to the reference photo. This is the case because GPT Image 2 is trained to treat text as information, not just a visual element. Well, Nano Banana, instead of seeing it as information, it sees it as shapes, as visual elements, and it just tries to recreate it as closely as possible without really any logic behind it. I wanted to test another product in hand photo, but in a bit of a different way. So, I took this chocolate packaging photo and asked the model to create an image where the packaging is opened and the chocolate has been bitten into. And these are the results. And actually here, I would say Nano Banana performed better than GPT Image. On the Nano image, there is no inconsistencies on the packaging. The opened wrapper looks more realistic than it does on the GPT Image 2. And also, if we check the GPT Image 2, this piece of the chocolate is missing its writing. So, would GPT Image 2 nail it with the next generation? Most likely, yeah. And if your product doesn't have any small detailed writing on it, I think all three models are pretty viable options to use. But, considering that GPT 2 didn't fail in the text generation, I'll have to give this test win to GPT. Now, the fifth test will be a screen POV, and I'll also be testing out the camera controls. Here as the reference photo, I have uploaded a screenshot of my YouTube channel and in the prompt I asked it to put the screenshot on a MacBook screen and take the image with a 0.5 iPhone camera and to also have the person making the photo point at the screen. And here's the result. Clearly both models understood the objective and fulfilled it, but the problem with the Nano Banana 2 one is it did not create the 0.5 camera effect. And it also looks way too highly produced like it was taken on a professional camera. The GPT-2 image nailed the 0.5 camera look and just overall looks way more organic and real. So, whatever it is that you're trying to display on your screen, GPT image 2 is the best option to go with. If you look at the video thumbnails and also the titles, then all of the text including the views and everything else is perfect. The same cannot be said for Nano, but that's already expected considering the previous test results. In this next prompt, I wanted to test the models are in converting a laptop image like this into a phone image. So, it must not only place the screenshot on the phone screen, but also convert it into the YouTube UI. And actually both models managed to do the job correct. Also, I didn't specify how the phone should look, so in the GPT image 2 model, it added this phone stand. On the Nano generation, the phone is just standing up vertically somehow. Also, I much more prefer the angle of the phone here. You can see that it's slightly tilted and it's not perfectly facing the camera. Here, it just looks way too unreal. Another generation that I just had to do was a crypto phantom wallet, but this time I also specified to make sure that the phone of the screen is slightly cracked and also there's some dust on it. As well as the person holding the phone is wearing a expensive Rolex watch. And here are the two results. Once again, the angle looks way more real on GPT image 2, but if we look closer here in the Nano generation, the watch is being worn backwards, which makes no sense. The little scratches and grease on the phone looks way better in the GPT image 2. You can also see it in the Nano generation, but I think it's clear who the winner here is. So, the point for screen POV, I'll give this to GPT image 2. And moving on to the sixth test, and that is going to be screenshots. Here I have a very simple prompt of a WhatsApp conversation screenshot from a doctor telling the receiver to consider using coffee for weight loss. And here's the results. Now, this didn't include any reference photo for how the screenshot should look, but the Nano 2 generation decided to use an old UI, which looks completely outdated. While the GPT image 2 looks like it was taken today. If we're being specific, the font on this generation looks just a tiny bit off from what the actual WhatsApp font is, but still this image is the clear winner. Another test I did is this email screenshot from the Gmail app. And I would say it's almost identically the same result as the previous generation. This image looks completely outdated, doesn't look like a recent screenshot at all. And the GPT image 2, while it looks recent, the font looks slightly off. So, GPT image 2 takes the win for screenshots. Now, at this point I think I've covered everything that is important for AI UGC content generation. If I missed something, then let me know, but for the last seventh test, I just wanted to play around with it and see what it is capable of. So, for example here, I asked it this very simple prompt to create a children books illustration of a castle split in half, to include a lot of different characters all with their purpose and role. I'm not sure if any of you remember this, but this was probably my favorite part of looking at books as a kid. And the level of detail in the GPT image 2 generation is just insane. It has written out different descriptions here on the side and they all perfectly match with the exact number as it is placed on the illustration itself. Even though I don't have anything specific to test in this bonus round, it is clear that the winner of this test is GPT image 2. So, there you have it. Let me know if you agree with these results and if you have found any use case where GPT image 2 still lags behind Nano Banana. I do appreciate you for watching this video all the way through. If you did enjoy it, then click like and subscribe. And if you want to learn more about AI content creation or how we could use it to market your brand, then you can reach out to me in the description. Peace out.