Nanab Banana Pro is the first AI model able to generate complete e-commerce listings completely indistinguishable from professional photography and design. But it only works if you know how to prompt it. I've launched over 3,000 e-commerce products online and I'm one of the single top spenders of Amazon ads on the platform. And these are the prompts my team is using to create profitable Amazon listings using [music] Google's AI image generator, Nano Banana Pro. And I won't be just covering the prompts, but also how to use reference images and how to use the chat to come out with the best possible output that's completely indistinguishable from a professionally designed image. We're going to go through examples in pets, home and kitchen, supplements, beauty, and other categories. And I'm going to cover one huge mistake that brand owners always make that completely stops them from being able to use this tool properly for their listings. [music] Even some of the smartest brand owners I know are still making this mistake. Later on in the video, I'm also going to give you access to a full guide to using NanoBanana Pro for e-commerce listings that includes a prompting chart that you can download for free for yourself. Now, there are two strategies for prompting. One is typing in your prompt in natural language. And this strategy is the simplest, but even this one, you have to know how to do it right and what types of words to use. I'm going to cover that all in this video. But the second strategy is instead of writing the prompts yourself, you get AI to write your prompts for you. So instead of writing out the prompt in natural language, you get chatbt or claude or Gemini itself to write your prompt and then you can make small edits and use that prompt to generate the image that you want. We'll cover both of these prompting strategies in this video cuz both are totally different approaches, but both can work great. You can use the prompts you're going to learn in this video to generate your primary image for your e-commerce listing. The lifestyle and inuse shots, the benefits graphic, the features graphic, competitor comparison graphics, instructional step-by-steps, dimensions, and in fact, I'm going to give you a list of 22 potential ideas for images that you can generate with AI or without AI, all in this ebook that I'm going to be linking. It's a free ebook in the description of this video. It goes through each of the different images that you can put on your listing that generate high conversion rates and you can pick based on your particular product category which ones to put in your image set for your e-commerce listing. Now, before we get into how to generate each of these particular images, let's just talk about the two different types of prompting. Natural language prompting and prompting using AI to write your prompts. So, check out this very simple prompt that I used to get this output for this beauty product. All I did was give the model some reference images and give it the output that I want and a few vibe words. So, I told the model that I was going to use this image as the primary image on an Amazon listing. That's really important because just telling it what I was going to use it for gives the model everything it needs to know about how to optimize it for that particular use. It's going to be optimizing color, contrast, size, ratio, scale, all because it knows the output. So, this is the first big mistake that a lot of sellers make when they're prompting with Gemini and Nano Banana Pro is they try to be too specific. They really just don't give the model enough credit. You don't have to say use this camera model and put it on a white background and then the actual like, you know, code for the white like # RGB5555. You don't have to do that because this isn't a dumb machine. This isn't like a command prompt from your first Mac computer when you were a kid. Well, I'm just talking to people my generation, I guess, where you had command prompts and you actually had to type in like start Windows. It's not a dumb algorithm. You have to talk to it actually like a person, like a skilled person. So, it's okay to just say what you want as the output and then trust that it will know what's important based on that. So, you don't have to list all of the things. You don't have to say, you know, white background with a very slight shadow, um, high contrast label, a shine on the bottle, and listing all these things because the model actually knows what's important based on the output you're going to use it for. So, if you tell it the output that you're going to use it for and any critical information that it might not know, even based on that output, that's really all you need to say. So, vibe words actually work really well. like the the feel or the vibe actually is more important for you to communicate than specific details of the image. You could see me doing this in this prompt where I was generating a lifestyle image for this product. So, I said, "Create a lifestyle image to be used in the Amazon listing of a millennial mom using this diffuser in her cozy home office." I said cozy because I know that's the vibe that people using an essential oil diffuser are going for. They're trying to relax. They're trying to be cozy. They're trying to be higgy. And this word tells the model everything it needs to know about everything else. So I don't have to say make sure that there's baskets in the photo and a plant in there. I just gave it the vibe that I want the photo to have and it understands that. So if you have the final output and the use and you have the vibes in there, you're already going a really long way towards natural language prompting. Now, another thing specifically for e-commerce that you have to take into consideration when you're using natural language to prompt an image like this is you have to make sure that it knows that it should be optimized for mobile. This isn't as important for lifestyle images like this one that I was mentioning here, but it gets really important when you're generating graphics. Here's an example of a mobile optimized competitor comparison graphic that we generated using just some raw phone photos of the supplement product. Now, if we didn't say in the prompt mobile optimized, it wouldn't have come out this way with text big enough to see on a phone screen. Here's another one that we generated making sure to include mobile optimized because it had to be simple enough to be read on a phone and big enough to be read on a phone. So, remember when natural language prompting, you don't have to go super detailed on everything. Just give it the vibe and give it the most important use case or output that you're going to use the image for. I.e., just [music] tell it that this is going to be on an e-commerce listing or an Amazon listing. Make sure to say mobile optimized. And some vibe words that tend to work well for me include uh clean, modern, aesthetic. When I use words like that, I end up getting cleaner shots. To create this features graphic, for example, all I did was upload some reference images from my phone and I used the prompt, create a clean aesthetic features graphic to be used on an Amazon listing. Make sure the final image is mobile optimized. And it came out with this, which was actually really good. And you'll notice I didn't even give it the features to use in the image. I could have said make a clean aesthetic features graphic to be used on an Amazon listing with the following features and then list feature one, feature two, feature three, feature four, and then said make sure the final image is mobile optimized. So, this is where it depends on how lazy you want to be. There's doing this on easy mode where you literally are letting the AI do the thinking for you. Or if you have some things that you know you want to show, especially when you're talking about graphics that have text like a features graphic, a benefits graphic, competitor comparison, an instructional graphic, then and you know like what the instructions should be or what the competitor comparison points should be or what the feature should be, then you should list them out. But sometimes it is fun just to see what the AI would do. And a lot of times, like in this case, it actually came out with really good content, even though I didn't even tell it what to do. In this example, for the same product, I did actually list out the steps that I wanted it to include, but I didn't have to. I could have let the AI figure that out itself. Now, let's talk about reference images. So, providing really good reference images is actually more important than the prompt. So, the images that you put in as the input are part of the prompt [music] and interact directly with the prompt. So, right from the get- go, let's look at this example where I was creating the Amazon listing for this diffuser. I made sure that one of the reference images was a close-up of the buttons because they have very tiny engravings and I wanted to make sure the AI got that right. If I hadn't done that, it wouldn't have gotten the engravings right. But you can see if you zoom way in on this image, it got the engravings, the little engravings on the buttons just right because I gave it the proper reference images to be able [music] to know that detail. So getting different zoom distances and different angles and also showing the product in a hand or in another setting that gives a sense of scale and size is the most important part when getting e-commerce listing images right. But there is another secret and an even cooler way to use reference images when you're prompting. And I'll tell you that after I take a sip of my grapefruit juice. It's going to piss some people off. Man, did you guys get pissed off in my last nanobanana tutorial when I was eating berries? All the comments were just don't eat. Don't eat while you're talking. This is gross. This video is disgusting. I had no idea how many people out there have misophonia. But anyways, so yeah, and I'm on grapefruit juice cuz I don't do caffeine now. Um, so I'm no longer drinking my Hojicha tea sadly. But it's okay cuz grapefruit juice has lots of vitamin C and that keeps me from getting sick in the winter. So let's get back to the subject at hand. Using reference images that aren't your product, but are the vibe that you want the final output to be is a total hack when generating e-commerce listing images. So, we wanted to create a really viby, natural type of looking image for this beauty product. So, what we did was we found an image that already looked like the final output that we wanted online and we told the model to use that as a reference. So, it said, "Using the provided lifestyle reference image as inspiration, create a similar premium minimalistic skincare lifestyle scene." And then we gave some additional context to the model and it outputed this, which we thought looked good. By the way, credit to Elena on our team. She's the one that used this prompt. This is also how we created this striking vibrant Florida shot that we generated using Nanabanana Pro for a supplements product. Shout out to David on our team who generated this one. Now, here's another trick for those of you that are light on credits cuz you're running out of image credits with all the Dana Banana Pro images that you're prompting is you prompt it to generate four images at once. So, for this water pouring can, I said create four lifestyle images for this watering can, showing the four top use cases for the can, make them aesthetic and cozy. They will be used on an Amazon listing. And I got these four images. Then I can choose which one I like best. And I can say make a full res version of the upper left image, the one that I like the most. So, this helps you save image credits, first of all, and second of all, give you gives you more at bats, meaning you get more ideas um and more chances for one of them to be really good, and then you just tell it to upscale the one that you like. Okay, so what we're going to do is we're going to ask AI to help us write a prompt to then put into the AI to generate the image that we want. And why would we do this? We do this if we want to have really tight control over what image is generated and be able to edit specific things. So a very easy way to do this is literally just say to Gemini, "Help me write a prompt to be used in Nano Banana Pro AI image generator for a watering can product or whatever your product is for a lifestyle image I can use on my Amazon listing for the product. I will provide reference images of the product along with the prompt." And so then Gemini is going to spit out some options of prompts for you. So, it gave me an option for cozy indoor house plant focus, a vibrant outdoor garden focus, and a modern urban balcony minimalist focus. So, I'm going to do a little split test here where I'm going to copy this prompt in from Gemini so you could see what kind of output we get there verbatim. And then I'm going to put in a natural language prompt and you'll see what kind of output we get there. And we'll show this the two side by side so you can see the difference. So, first I'm going to copy this prompt that it gives me. And you'll notice it has a few different characteristics. So it says subject, environment, lighting, style, constraints, and the environment says a bright modern living room. The lighting is soft diffused window light, morning sun. So this is the benefit of having AI help you write the prompts. Is that you can then go in and say, "Oh, I didn't even think about it, but really no, I don't want outdoor light. I want it to be indoor light because most people that use my product are in an office." And then you can go in and just edit just that part of the prompt. then it gives you more control over the output, especially if you have a very specific vision for it. But we're not going to do that now. All we're going to do is copy and paste this prompt in. Just going to remove it. Has a little input here. We'll remove that. We'll add our reference images here. We have three of them. And then we'll see what our output is when we use AI to write our prompt for us. Okay. So, here's the result we got. Really not bad. Pretty good lifestyle image for this product. Shows it in use. It is accurate in terms of the dimensions of the product. This is something that we could or would use on the e-commerce listing or the Amazon listing for this product. So, pretty good. Now, let's see what we get if we just use a natural language prompt. Okay, so here I uploaded the exact same three reference images and all I said was create a lifestyle image for this product in use to be used on an Amazon listing for the product. And here's what I got, which I think is somewhat equivalent to the last image. This one is a little bit more realistic. It looks kind of like somebody's house, but it is still a very high quality shot. So, if you compare these two images side by side, I would say they're pretty much a tie. They either one could be used on an Amazon listing, they're both pretty high quality. The difference is in this image where we used AI to generate our prompt instead of just natural language, we could have edited any of those specific details before we generated the image. by editing that prompt about the lighting, about the setting, about the environment, about the photography style, um the brand identity, all of that stuff we could have changed prior to inputting the prompt and edited it so that we had a little bit more control over the final output. Now, if you want a full walkthrough of generating a complete Amazon listing just using Nano Banana Pro, I put a link to a guide. It's the ultimate guide to NanoBanana Pro for Amazon sellers. It's in the description of this video. It's the first link in the description of the video. You can click there to download that for free right now. So, if you want to walk through on your own time after you watch this video, I recommend you clicking that link below this video in the description. You can download that for free. Okay. Now, what I'm going to do is go through some very simple natural language prompts that work to generate specific images for e-commerce and Amazon listings. And I'm going to go through them rapid fire. Each example we go through, you're going to see the prompt itself and an example output that comes from that specific [music] exact prompt. So, here we have create a clean photo rendering of this product to be used as the primary image on an Amazon listing. This is great to create the primary image. A lot of times it works on the first try. And if it doesn't work on the first try, sometimes you just have to chat back and forth once or twice to get the final image. Like in this case where it gave the product a shine, a glossy shine where it actually had a matte finish. So, I just had to say try again, but with a matte finish instead of a shiny finish. And then it gave me a primary image that was ready to upload. Okay. Now, for lifestyle images, a prompt that works is create a lifestyle image of a avatar. You put in your avatar here using this product in [music] setting. And that's where you put the setting in. This image is to be used in the Amazon listing for this product. So, example, you might say, create a lifestyle image of a millennial mom using this product in her home office. This image is to be used in the Amazon listing image for this product. and you would upload reference images along with this prompt. When it comes to lifestyle images, a great hack is to ask it to do four at once because then you can just select the one that you like more and you have more shots at actually getting something that you like. So you just say create four lifestyle images for avatar using this product in setting to be used on an Amazon listing and then it'll generate a four panel and you choose the one you like and say upscale that one. Here's a prompt for creating features graphics. So, the prompt is make a clean aesthetic features graphic for this product to be used on an Amazon listing. Make sure the final image is mobile optimized. Now, if you know what features you want to include, you can include those features with a prompt like this that actually lists out each of the four features that you want to include. Okay, now let's talk benefits graphic where you're showing the main benefits of the product. The prompt that works is make a clean aesthetic benefits graphic to be used on an Amazon listing for this product with the following benefits and then list out the benefits and say make sure the final image is mobile optimized. If you don't want to list out the benefits, just like in the features graphic, you can leave them out and just see what the AI generates and just edit it if you think one or two of them should change. Now, competitor comparison graphic. Here's a prompt that works for that. Another image that can have a really high impact on your actual conversion rate of your e-commerce or Amazon listing. Create a simple, modern, and clean competitor comparison graphic of this product to be used on an Amazon listing. Make sure it is mobile optimized. Again, if you actually have the attributes that you want it to include in the comparison, then you'd say, create a simple, modern, and clean competitor comparison graphic of this product to be used on an Amazon listing, highlight the following attributes, and then list the attributes out 1 through 4. And then make sure it is mobile optimized. So, those are the prompts for some of the images that lead to a high conversion rate on an Amazon listing or an e-commerce listing. But those are just a few examples. There's actually 22 different types of images that you could generate either with AI or not with AI. And I am leaving a link to a guide that walks through examples of each of those different 22 image options in the description of this video. You can also see them here on the screen. There are some other ones that we haven't covered today, like ingredients list, nutrition facts, uh before and after shots, that's great for beauty compatibility, that's good for products that work with other products. Material quality, what's included, size guide and size comparison, guarantee, warranty. These are all different images that can work really well to help you drive higher conversion rate. Obviously, you don't want to have all 22 of them, but you choose the ones that are most well suited for your particular product. So, I recommend you guys download that guide in the description of this video as well. Now, my team does a ton of this because our whole business is to partner with brands and grow them profitably on Amazon, primarily using Amazon PBC, but also click-through rate and conversion rate improvement strategies, which Nano Banana Pro now helps out a lot with. If you're looking for a partner to help you grow profitably using Amazon PBC, you might qualify to partner with us to help you do that. You can find out if you qualify in the link in the description of this video. It's sophiew.com. So, if that's interesting to you, I'll see you over there. And if you want to see a full master class on using NanoBanana Pro for e-commerce business owners and brand owners and Amazon sellers, check out this video here where I walk through all of the main principles and you actually walk through the creation of one full Amazon listing with me. So, I recommend you check that out here and I'll see you over there. [music]