Google released Gemini 3 Pro last week, the most powerful AI model out there. And alongside it, Nano Banana Pro, one of, if not the best image generator and editor out there. So, I decided to put it to the test for generating product photography and images for advertising and marketing for ecom brands. In this video, I'll run you through the entire product photography system I have built on NAN, including a live demo with results, the backend NAN system, and the lovable front end. You can get this template in my premium school community, the AI Avengers Lab down below. And if you want to work with me to have this or any other AI system built out for you, book a discovery call with me down below. Without further ado, let's get right into it. So, this is the N system and it starts with either a web hook, which is the Lovable front-end UI. So, if you're using Lovable, the images and the data that you're going to upload as the input will come through here. And then there's also the alternative, the N form submission. So this is the native n form. So this is what you would use if you're unfamiliar with lovable or if you just prefer an easy setup without using lovable. So anyways, I'll show you the front-end UI. So if I go on here, you can see that this is a lovable page that I made. So I just made a quick landing page and this is where I would upload my image and I would select product photography and then generate now and then my results will come up here. So I am creating a generation system with NAN that will turn images into UGC content and also a photo shoot for ecom brands. So right now only product photography is available. So in the upcoming days I'm going to reveal the system to you. So stay tuned for that. But for now only product photography is available. So I'll just quickly upload an image now. So I've just uploaded a photo of a Tom Ford tobacco oud fragrance. This is a fragrance that I love to use. So I'm going to choose this. And also you can upload JPG, PNG or WEBP file types here. And then I'm just going to select product photography. And then I'm going to click generate now. So while we wait for this and then within the next 5 minutes it's going to load the images here. But if it takes more than 5 minutes then it's going to time out and we can view it on the air table back end. But for now I'll just quickly explain. So this will be appropriate for making product images and photography of things like fragrances, earrings, jewelry, clothes, and other items. I even tried a book and it works. So yeah, you can generate product images of most things here. And in the meantime, I'll show you some images that it did produce. This is the air table back end where all my results are saved. The name of the photo, so it's based on the nature of the photo, like the vibe of it, and then the prompt that was used on the back end. So each prompt is customized according to the image that was uploaded. And then yeah, here are the attachments. So this is the photo. So I uploaded psychology of money and this is how it turned out. And then I'll show you another one. This is a Tom Ford leather jacket. This is how it turned out. Another photo of the psychology of money. Here's another one. So while the photos are really nice and cool, just remember that if it has a lot of text in it, then it might not get the text correct. So, just remember that it's only good for things like earrings or or like simple accessories, jewelry, and clothes. It's not the most consistent when it comes to more intricate details or having a lot of text, for example. This is just a heads up for now. But anyways, let's go back to the lovable front end. So, it's still waiting for the visuals to be created. This usually takes around 3 to 5 minutes. Sometimes it might take longer, but it usually generates around eight images at a time. So, let's just wait for this to finish. So unfortunately it went over 5 minutes. So it did not load here. However, the execution was successful. As you can see here, it succeeded in 5 minutes 46 seconds. And if I look on the air table back end, you can see that it has appeared over here. Let's take a look at the results. So this is the first photo. So let's wait for it to load. Here it is. You can see that it looks very good. And also the text is pretty accurate as well. OD perform 50 mil. So it's not perfect. So, it's not 100% perfect, but it's very close. However, the image is very stunning and impressive. It's levitating, which is really cool as well. And like levitating, it might seem strange, but you just know that it's very welldesigned and a really cool photo. So, let's go on to the next one here. Tobacco. And yes, this is very nice, very sophisticated, very sexy, and I absolutely love this design. So, yeah, you can see the quality of the photos that it can generate. So you can see the power of Nano Banana Pro. You can see it really shining. So let's go on to the next one. Tobacco. So this is a little bit bright. Maybe it's because of the lighting, but anyways, it looks very nice as well. And let's go on to the next one here. So this is a very chic, highass, dark, mysterious image. I really like it as well. You can definitely use this for product photography and image on a ecom store selling fragrances. So let's go on to the next one. So these four was are studio photos. So they're like the kind of photos that you would expect to see in a studio. And then there's one in the environment, one out in the open. So this one's up in the mountains. And yeah, you can see that it looks very nice. And let's just zoom in a little bit. And yes, the text is very accurate. Tobacco Odapform uh 50 mil. So this is another very wealthy, highass image. Kind of makes you think of yourself in the Alps at your accommodation. So it just makes you imagine yourself in the Alps on a ski trip and this is like your accommodation. So yeah, let's go on to the next one. So that's extremely big for 50 mil. So like this is definitely not 50 mil, but it's still a very nice setting. This looks like the Amalfi Coast. It's not accurate. I would take this out, but it's a very nice setting nevertheless. It would have been nice. If this was smaller, I would definitely use it. But yeah, this just goes to show that it's amazing, but it's not perfect. So let's go on to the next one. the seventh one. Okay. Yeah, it's a nice setting like in a private jet, but yeah, I would not use this. And then this is the last one. Okay. Yep, I would take this out. Nice setting, but yeah, I would take this out because it got it completely wrong. So, yeah, you can see through the eight images that I showed you that the setting and like the vibe and the atmosphere that the photos convey to you, it's really nice and gives off that very sophisticated, luxurious feel that the brand Tom Ford has. And it's exactly what I would think of when I would use my fragrance Tom for tobacco hoot. But it just goes to show that it's not 100% perfect, but when it is, it's amazing. Out of these ones, I would probably say either this one or this one would be my favorite. You just got to play around with it. But yeah, that was just a quick demo. Now, I'm going to go into the N workflow here and how it works, and I'm going to walk you through it. So, if you want this custom built for you and tailored to you and your specific business and needs, then book a free discovery call with me down below. And if you want to stay to understand the NAN workflow and to learn and be able to build your own system, your own version of this, then stick around till the end. And I also have this template in my premium school community, the AI Avengers Lab down below. Go check that out if you want this template. But anyways, I'll just get right into it. First, it's going to take in the input. So like the photo that you select through the web hook here, the lovable web hook or on the NN form. Let's just go on to the NN form and then yeah just describe your form title description and then image select file for element type. You can have multiple files if you like and accept these file types. So JPG, PNG, WEBP, JPEG and they have to be required fields as well. Respond when form is submitted and then you would have this um HTTP request here. So how it works is now you use an HTTP request to upload the image onto cloudinary. So get method and URL here and also you have to send a body under the body that you're going to send. You have to put name upload preset and that's your username and then API key and then your API key here. So these are all placeholders and then you would put file here for the next one and then you would put image underscore. So this will be the same if you use the same type of form that I have. So this is for n form and if you upload it to lovable it's basically the same thing except this will be different. So file and then data zero. It's just like the name of the file when it's uploaded onto n once n receives it. It's going to be different. So if it's done with the lovable front end it's going to be data zero. Otherwise it's going to be image and then you're going to ask openai to analyze the image for you. So this is the prompt here. I'm not going to go over the whole thing. Basically just a quick rundown. So your role. So you're a product analysis extractor reverse engineers product photography. You're going to generate structured metadata. So this is the main goal of this node and your task is to analyze the image and a product analysis JSON object that captures the product identification, physical attributes, brand positioning and then the emotional intent based on the styling and the context. And also you can use any kind of photo. So if you took photo of a fragrance in your hand and you upload that, then that will work. Or you could just use regular product images with a blank background, that can work as well. That tends to work better. But yeah, you can use any kind of image as long as the subject product is clear on the photo. Analysis priority. These are the things that it needs to prioritize when it analyzes it. Colors, materials, the shape, the label, and the branding. So break down any text and anything related to like brand labeling. And then deduce like the context. So if it's the Tom Ford fragrance for example, then you can see that it's a dark fragrance and it looks sophisticated and then it's going to infer that and then it's going to look up what Tom Ford is. Well, it knows what Tom Ford is and then it's going to relate the two together. And yeah, this is conservative unknown. This is just kind of like a fallback mechanism. So in case that it doesn't understand what brand it is, if it sees a Nike tick, then it's going to know that it's Nike and that it's going to be related to fitness and athleticism. But yeah, this is just like a fallback mechanism. And then you're going to provide all the different image categories here. So I'm not going to read all of it, but anyways, like bottles, equipment, kitchen, lighting, interior use, fitness equipment, resistance bands, jewelry, watches, bags. So yeah, everything here like you can add to this category, but yeah, just like define all the different categories that you like that you're going to intend to use it for and the logic here. So this is just to help the AI identify what kind of product it is. This is another guide to help the AI identify what kind of product it is and like the kind of like vibe and image that it gives off. So like luxury, you can define it with like marble surfaces, gold accents, and casual is like everyday settings like relaxed, approachable styling. So just like t-shirt, jeans, and target emotion inference rules like calm, muted tones. It gives you the mood of tranquility and peace, dramatic, and bold. So that's going to show like a bit of power, ambition. So if you see like a navy double breasted suit, then you're going to know that it's associated with power and style and success and status, right? So like Wall Street powers suits. So yeah, like these are all guides that's going to help the AI identify what kind of product it is. So you have to add all the logic that you can think of. So you can add all the logic that you like that's going to help the AI identify what kind of product this is. and then like physical attributes material like the finish distinct distinctive features and then here is like the JSON schema as well. So you have to define the JSON schema. So like product name, brand category, subcategory, physical attributes and under physical attributes like color, material, finish, form factor, I could go on and on. Distinctive features, brand positioning, target emotion, used context. So yeah, I try to be as comprehensive as I can while adding only things that were necessary, but if you want to add more, then feel free to do so. But yeah, make sure to clearly define the JSON that you'll be using for the rest of the workflow. So yeah, there's the rest of the prompts. So edge case handling. So this is important as well. So make sure that it's able to handle edge cases, otherwise it's not going to be production ready like voice AI, AI agents, anything like that. In order to be production ready, it has to be able to handle edge cases and scenarios that you necessarily wouldn't have predicted. And also list the common mistakes to avoid so the AI knows what kind of mistakes that it needs to avoid making and how to do it properly as well because if you want to do something properly, you not only have to know how to do it, but you also have to know what not to do. Anyways, that's like the prompt is very comprehensive. I didn't go over the whole thing, but I did as much as I could. So, I hope that helped. Anyways, let's go on to the next bit. Edit fields. So, here I just defined the prompt again for the next step. I just decided to do the prompt in here. So this prompt here, it basically uses chat GBT to create a new prompt for me to generate the best possible images. I'm going to go over this very briefly, but yeah, you are universal product photography prompt generator. Your task is to generate a category agnostic JSON uh photography prompts. So we will be using JSON prompting. So, if you don't know what JSON prompting is, so JSON prompting is basically just a prompt where you instead of just you typing um create a marketing plan for a men's suit brand. So, instead of just writing out a prompt like that, you're basically organizing and categorizing the entire prompt into a JSON here. So, like Jason's, they are very well organized. It modulates everything. So under realism anchor for example it's going to describe the level of realism and under creative strategy it's going to describe like the primary pillars the psychological triggers the viral elements and emotional journey what kind of impression that it gives to people. So it categorizes everything in a JSON. So a JSON categorizes everything. So yeah basically this prompt it generates a JSON prompt for you. So I've already went over these bits. So like defining the category. So I won't be reading them one by one but anyways let's go to the JSON schema. So realism anchors creative strategy the subject. You can see that I'm being very comprehensive here of the type details styling physical attributes product integration product name placement interactions. So you can see that I'm defining the JSON for every single possible image that I could upload here. So while the Tom Ford fragrance that I uploaded, it doesn't have like a human hand or like any kind of interaction within the image, you can see that I've accounted for it by for example, if I am holding it with my hand or if I'm spraying it on myself, then it's going to take it that into account. And then you have to have a setting part as well. So Jason and then the props, the lighting. So lighting is extremely important. You have to have this one and camera film stock like technical detail. So like the aspect ratio, the style notes, the color palette, color psychology, composition strategy, storytelling elements. So this is exactly why it was able to create the Tom Ford fragrance in the hotel at the Alps and then style tags, mood keywords. So you can see that I'm being very comprehensive here. If you're already confused about what's going on, then yeah, don't worry. This confused me a lot at first. But yeah, make your life easier. Just use chat GPT or claw to define the JSON for you. So in your prompt, always have a section where you verify your final output and have kind of like a checklist. So it goes through this and verifies it before providing an output. And yeah, it would be nice to provide an example as well just so the AI understands what to do better. So like for example, product name, AirPods Pro, U Apple Tech, wireless earbuds, etc. and scene description. So yeah, that's it for this prompt. And then what we are going to do is we are going to insert it in here. And then this is where the magic happens. So we're taking the image that we uploaded and we are using the JSON prompt that we created and we are using that JSON prompt to create the product images and then it's going to make the request on foul here. So if you don't know what foul is, foul is where you can make API requests to make images or videos. So this is foul over here. So you can explore all the different um video and image models. So you can see that there's nano banana, cadream, the Chinese one, bo 3.1, sore 2. So you can use all of these with API requests here. So just create a foul AI account and then get your API key. So what you want to do uh once you create a file account, you want to go under manage and then you want to go under um API keys and then create your API key here and then copy that into n. So here I'm using authentication generic credential type. Select header O and then once you have header O then you just want to create a new header O credential add authorization and then copy and paste your API key into here and then just use that and then since this one is actually making a request to file to create the actual image with nano banana just paste the JSON output here. So here we're just making the request and over here we're just making sure that the request has been made and then what's going to happen is you're going to make a request to file AI to create the images and then you are going to create a new prompt here. So this new prompt it's going to generate eight different prompts with different artistic styles and directions. So ro task inputs you can see that it's clearly been defined for you. So it's going to take the product image, the category and the keywords. And then it's going to create the style and the prompt. So you can see that it's been clearly defined here. So the technicals, the process, the output. So the JSON output and then the rules example prompt style. So this is a prompt that f is going to use to generate the images. And then we're going back here. This is going to generate the eight different prompts that's going to allow the creation of the eight different product images. And then first we are going to save the prompts and the name into air table. So I have an air table base where I am saving the name of that image and also the prompt. So this is the air table here. I'm just using air table instead of Google sheets because I can actually see the image on an air table sheet. So the name the prompt. So studio volutric neon and then the prompt just paste it here to understand what prompt that it followed and then the status. So once it's done it's done. and then the attachment here and then the output here. So just copy this air table. So name, prompt, status, attachment and then let's go back. Once we add the data into the air table, then we're going to loop around each of the eight image styles that we're going to create. And then we are going to make the request and then we're going to check if the image has been completed or not. And if it hasn't then it's going to go back and it's going to loop around until it's finished. And once it's finished, then it's going to add the output to air table. And then it's going to loop over again and finish off the other images that it has remaining. And if it's failed, then it's going to update failed here. That could happen if you're out of credits and you don't have auto recharge or if your card failed or some other technical issue. But anyways, if it fails, then it's just going to say failed and then it's going to loop around again until all eight are finished. And once all eight are finished, you're going to send a web hook response. So this is going to tell Lovable that the images have been generated and it would be loaded here. So if it times out but just now it took over 5 minutes so it didn't load. But yeah, this is just a response to show that it has been completed. It's quite simple. JSON JSON data and then application JSON. So I didn't go over most of this because you can go over it in your own time. So yeah, you will have access to this template in my school community. So you can take it, you can modify it, you can reverse engineer, you can learn from it, you can do whatever you like. But anyways, that was just a quick but somewhat detailed rundown of the NAN system. If I went into every single node, then it would probably take like over an hour to go through this whole system. But I hope that it helped you understand the workflow better. And one last thing, I'll go over what I did on Lovable to create this landing page over here. So, let's go on to Lovable. So, here I have defined the prompt. You are a world-class web designer and blah blah blah flattering the AI telling it that it's amazing, which it is. So yeah, design a modern landing page and then what you have to do is you have to take the web hook link and then you have to paste it here. So what you would have to do is you would have to go back to the workflow here, go on to your web hook and then go on to production URL. You would copy this and then you would paste it into here. So tell it that when the user uploads your image and selects an option, the site will send the file and their selection via post request to the webbook that you will paste here. And then yeah, you can just define the design. So like moistic like the font animations and then the page layout. This is mostly just design just like do whatever you like with the design. But yeah, what you have to do is you need this part here defining the web hook. But yeah, that wasn't the only prompt that I put into lovable. So I'll just like quickly go over the rest of it. And you also have to tell it that it's going to respond to the web hook and that you have to display the images here once it's done uploading. And you also have to define what kind of file types that you can upload here. So JPEG, PNG, WEBP, choose your style, product photography. So like if you're going to do all three, which you know I will be doing, then yeah, you can do that. Otherwise, you could probably skip this and then have a button to generate now. And you have to tell it to send this payload into your N web hook link and then have N respond to the web hook, send back the finished images, and display them over here. So yeah, that's basically it. just the design, just the layout and how it's going to work where you can see the results and the design of course. So the design I'll just let you play around with it and also set up the air table here in case it times out and you don't see the images here or if it doesn't work. Otherwise, you can just use the n form over here at the beginning of the workflow. So yeah, that was it for this video. I hope you found this video useful and helpful. And if you did, please leave a like and subscribe. So if you want access to this full system then join AI Avengers lab down below. And if you want this exact system built out for you or any kind of AI automation system or any kind of AI agent built out for you then book a discovery call with me down below. So once again, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next